# CD-LR-0-CONJUNCTIVE-GRAMMAR-
The paper introduces a subfamily of synchronized alternating pushdown automata, deterministic synchronized alternating pushdown automata, and a subfamily of conjunctive grammars, LR(0) conjunctive grammars. It is shown that deterministic synchronized alternating pushdown automata and LR(0) conjunctive grammars have the same recognition/generation power, analogously to the classical equivalence between acceptance by empty stack of deterministic pushdown automata and LR(0) grammars. These models form the theoretical basis for efficient linear time parsing of a subfamily of conjunctive languages which properly includes the classical LR(0) languages.  
LR parsers are deterministic; they produce a single correct parse without guesswork or backtracking, in linear time. This is ideal for computer languages, but LR parsers are not suited for human languages which need more flexible but inevitably slower methods. Some methods which can parse arbitrary context-free languages (e.g., Cocke–Younger– Kasami, Earley, GLR) have worst-case performance of O(n3) time. Other methods which backtrack or yield multiple parses may even take exponential time when they guess badly. 
The above properties of L, R, and k are actually shared by all shift-reduce parsers, including precedence parsers. But by convention, the LR name stands for the form of parsing invented by Donald Knuth, and excludes the earlier, less powerful precedence methods (for example  Operator precedence parser). 
LR parsers can handle a larger range of languages and grammars than precedence parsers or top-down LL parsing.This is because the LR parser waits until it has seen an entire instance of some grammar pattern before committing to what it has found. An LL parser has to decide or guess what it is seeing much sooner, when it has only seen the leftmost input symbol of that pattern.  
